No is?
Sometimes it’s not obsessing with what, no,
this will be like that, yes or yes, isn’
t it?
It’s to be flexible and say, mmm, and according
to what’s going on you’re going to
adapt, right?
That is the product, the proposal, the
proposal, etc.
Especially in the initial stage of the process.
And it is that the UNESIA told
me, if this is of transfers, this
is a real follon.
Half of our students
are from Asia, for example,
China.
And many of them are called Li or
Wang or with very similar names, right?
Of course, we see transfers and we
say, and this one belongs to whom?
And sometimes, many times, it is not even
the student, it is the father or grandfather
who makes the payment or an uncle.
So, of course, this thing is so stupid,
isn’t it?
Like when one looks at the card
extract and says, what is this payment,
right?
As if you multiply this by 5,000
students, the chaos is absolute,
isn’t it?
And then, no, then if this, if we
can’t solve it, it would be interesting.
So what I was almost saying,
please, could you tell your
students that they would
use us to send money?
It turned into, oysters, if we
turn the business and almost what
we do is make your life easier
and thanks to you we will reach
all the students who
will make payments to you.
So here we have achieved two things.
One is trust.
That is, I don’t have to
convince a student if it’s not the
UNESIA that is almost telling
the student to pay through
the platform.
And then you reduce the
purchase cost greatly.
So you suddenly buy 5,000 instead
of 1 to 1, right?
So, in the end, I think this...
That is, you move from a peer-to-
peer platform, as you said, to a means
of payment that connects institutions.
For example, the one who receives the payment
is the university.
It’s a B2B2C where we sell
to UNESIA and that channel, right?
The channel bar customer brings us
to the customer really our end, right?
In a way where both of them contribute
to the same.
Then you rely on them, you contribute,
of course, to these institutions
to capture a lot
of customers.
So, you a little, if you extrapolate
it a little, conceptually
it is, you hear, I am thinking
about the end user client,
but there are ways to
get that are not directly,
they are indirectly.
And if it makes sense, yes, it
reduces my purchase cost, generates
confidence, etc.
That’s like if PayPal, for
example, grows into a portal, into
a new e-commerce that has
millions of users, then at that
time it’s capturing, it’s gaining
daily visibility in millions
of users.
So this makes sense in the end
when your channel also wins something,
right?
Ideally is.
Because if you don’t win anything, you’ll
end up saying, well, so how much do you
pay me for this, right?
So, it becomes a bit more
expensive to you if you think
about acquiring customers.
But do you consider that, for example,
in that case, the university
is your channel or is it a client?
It’s both, because we created a
solution, a solution because it
simplified life for them, didn’t it?
So basically, the model is that
we give you a little bit of
all the information they need
to process that payment.
So a bit of the platform I think
consists in case of use,
right?
You’re going to study in Spain,
at a university abroad, well.
You come to that university and you
say, hear, the tuition is $30,000,
it’s worth it.
So, they would tell you, don’
t make us a $30,000 transfer.
Go to this, go to this, right?
What do you imagine, is it, right?
University of Borja.
The Power MBA.
That is, Power MBA or at the time
was www.peertransfer.com Power MBA
bar, right?
And then I would tell you, and where do you come from?
I am from Spain, well.
They will say, don’t send us
$40,000, send us $30,000.
Then those euros would send us to
a home account, in a home payment
method that you will feel comfortable
with.
There is a lot of money
in the bank that is free,
right?
Or a debit to your account, right?
And then we picked up those euros
of you, we added them with many
other students coming, and
then we made a conversion of
euros to dollars at the wholesale
level.
And with that we have achieved a kind
of very, very good change.
Part of the money we share with
the student and part of the money
we share with the student.
And then those dollars, along with
many other Korean dollars, Chinese
dollars, of such, you demand a $10
million payment to the university
with the details of all the
payments they needed, right?
What is the savings for...
The cost of saving for the user?
The user would be that, about 2 to
5 percent of the transaction volume.
It is the savings...
So how much is it?
and yes.
Is the company today...?
Would this be saved compared to
doing it in the traditional way?
of a bank.
Today, the company is saving
about 50 million euros a year
to students from around the
world.
In exchange rates and so
on.
Are you saving that?
and yes.
I started this business until 2013,
when my first child was born.
I studied a year later in the council.
I am still a shareholder today.
I am not involved in the management
or administration.
Now, the origins
of...
Hear, education payment is a case
of use for many.
And again to say, well, on this platform
that I have created for you,
what else can we do?